# Application entry in blockchain
map dev_acc_id => entry_app 
map entry_app => hash_of_current_app_entry
entry hash points to IPFS eqvl to index.html

inside index.html, incl. js css and other static resource.

## dev update new version

Send signed tx to blockchain with new hash value



# Dynamic content
all dynamic content needs to be wasm call
```
hash_of_wasm: Hash,
function: &str,
args: Vec<T>,
return_type: Result<R, Err>
```
it used to be http://somedomain.com/some-rest-api?arg1=1&arg2=2

# Host machine arch
- IPFS
- Atix Web Server / Ngnix
- Chain Node
- NATS Server

# Pi TEE
- Tea-runtime
- Tpm simulator and RM
- Kernel Linux

# Workflow

## User web client:

http://whatever_domain/hash_of_app 
or http://whatever_domain/entry_of_app (this will bring up to the current version of webapp)
or http://gateway.ipfs.org/hash_of_app_entry use ipfs gateway directly.

## Load html and other static resource to client web browser

No traditional URL to any static resource. All IPFS hash
One possible solution is to make a redirect local cache. All request were redirect to hash from IPFS.

## Client requests
All client requests will be wasm requests
inlcuding:
- wasm module hash (ipfs multihash format, mhXXXX)
- args
- expect return type

## Server response
network error or Result<T, Err> from TEE

We have network error because it may fail before reach TEE. 

Inside T
- Result as expected
- Compute against chain ID and blockheight
- VRF
- Proof of Trust (PoT) to be found in blockchain later

If the client doubt the result for crutial task, it will need to wait the validation result from next or more blocks

## Atix Web or Ngnix
For static resource, response from IPFS or Cache directly
For dynamic request, create request msg and send to NATS then wait for reply
Once reply received (or timeout) send back to client as Result

## IPFS
Do whatever IPFS is supposed to do

## NATS

## Tea-runtime
listening NATS msg.
If request wasm module to be run. Load from IPFS or hot cache
Invoke function call with args.
Return the result back to NATS, eventually get to Atix

## TPM (sim) and RM

## RA

## Blockchain Logic




